[Autogenerated] in this Plett,
We're going to start discussing Cloudwatch at an overview level.
So we're gonna go through the overview from the consul itself.
We're gonna look at dashboards which allow us to configure different widgets.
We're gonna work with our alarms so we can monitor different metrics in
alarm our teams when these metric thresholds air crossed,
we're gonna work with events in rules which allow us to perform certain tasks
when certain cloudwatch events are triggered in our account.
And then we're gonna go and work with logs.
So actually logging to cloudwatch, which is its native functionality.
And then we're also going to talk about metrics,
which is gonna include metric filtering and subscriptions.
So let me go ahead and actually open up my AWS console screen.
Now, once I'm here at the home page, I'm gonna find cloudwatch here,
which is under my recently visited services.
I'm gonna open that up, and that brings us to the landing page for cloudwatch.
You can see here we have an overview and there are
several different options in this menu,
and we'll actually go and discuss these different options and how they
actually appear here here later on within this module.
Now I just scroll down on this landing page here.
We can see that we have alarms that are broken down by AWS service.
So I have to building alarms.
Right now,
we have an insufficient within our Lambda service and then
really no other ones that are configured.
But this really allows us to see at a high level quickly what type of
alarms that were experiencing within our AWS account.
Now, over here on the right, we can actually see our recent alarms.
We can see my building alarm because I'm having estimated charges
that cross a threshold and we'll dive into metrics and how they're
measured here later on in this module.
And then you can see I have an indication alarm for our Lambda functions.
And then if I scroll down a little bit more, we can see if we wanted to.
We can also enable across service dashboard.
So what this would allow us to do is, as it says,
aggregate key metrics from each other services in our account.
So I would click this if I want to enable it.
And there we go.
We can see I've cloudfront billing Total error rate,
which is underneath cloudfront.
We have our logs, all of the different services that are active in our account.
So I'm actually go up here.
I'm gonna go back to overview, and then I'm going to scroll all the way down,
and we can actually see that we can set a default dashboard.
So when we're creating a dashboard, which we'll talk about in the next clip,
we can name it cloudwatch default, and it will be displayed here.
So we're going to skip that for now and then the last thing I
want to show you here on this particular pages,
the time range.
If you see, we can actually specify certain presets for times,
or we can get in here in to find a custom time.
Now, we're not going to dig into this in this clip,
but this will come into use when we start to finding alarms
and metrics that we need to measure for.
So I'm gonna close out of this,
and then I just want to walk through the menu over here on the left.
We can see we have dashboards, which is what we'll talk about in the next clip.
Our alarms.
We have events, we have logs, and then we have metrics.
So these air really all of those topics that we
talked about back on the presentation.
So I'm gonna go and wrap this clip up.
So now we should have a firm understanding of
cloudwatch as a service from a high level. Now, I'll see you in the next clip where we're gonna discuss dashboards.